 Q. James, me, congratulations. Thank you for the nice project. Commissioners, we have one last case. I think Debbie, we're going to go to lunch now and.
 That was a bad joke. We should go out to lunch. Let's go out to lunch. We've been waiting all day to hear from you, Debbie.
 Thank you.
 Can we all hang in there? Up to you. Good afternoon commissioners Debbie Lawrence Department of City Planning. This is an appeal of a density bonus compliance.
 for view case and these are director determinations and these are but the appeals go to city planning commission.
 And again, I think the report is pretty clear, so if you can do it as succinctly as you can. And do we have an applicant here? And do we have the applicant here?
 appellant. Are you the appellant? Okay, so you're both here. Great. I don't have speaker cards.
 Did you? Thank you. Are you Aaron? I got yours.
 So staff recommends denying the appeal and the project description. It's for 39 residents.
 of the city of Bolivar. And the east of La Brea, it's a vacant site and it's 39 total units, 36 market rate and
 three affordable units. They were eligible for two incentives, a 20% decrease in the required front yard allowing a depth of 12 feet and a 20% increase in the allowable FAR from three to one.
 to 3.6 to 1 and it includes 78 parking spaces and complies with all other municipal code sections.
 So state density bonus law states that when an applicant seeks a density bonus, the city is required to grant it unless the appellant can prove
 that either the incentives are not necessary for inclusion of the affordable units or that there's a detrimental impact on physical safety and the environment. And this particular appeal was filed.
 filed by the owner of the building directly to the south of the site. And the appeal points had to do with environmental uses and conditions.
 that were mitigated in the mitigated negative declaration. So the appeal points had to do with noise and dust during construction and then a couple of process issues.
 This is the site. This just shows that it's a vacant site and it's surrounded by other multifamily residential uses.
 This shows that the residential area, it's R3 zoning and then it's commercial just a long sunset boulevard to the north of the site.
 These are some pictures of the site. This is the actual vacant site with the building to the west of it. This is the adjacent building.
 property on the north side by sunset Boulevard. And this is the south to the property of the south, which is the appellance property. This is across the street.
 from the subject property just a typical multi-family building in the area. And then we have some drawings that we included earlier today in your packet and I was going to have Nicole Santana.
 the staff planner come up and just walk you through. The findings are made based on design guidelines in the Hollywood community plan, and that's what the director's determination did, was look for facade articulation.
 but this just shows you, I'll just have her walk you through the plans.
 After a new commissioners and the co-sangers with the client department, the slide that you see here is the front elevation of the building facing ease.
 on to Puntzetti a place. As previously mentioned, this project is a density bonus project, therefore it complies with section 12.22A25 of the LAMC, which requires any damage.
 the Kansas City Bonus Project with on menu incentives to comply with certain design features. This project also incorporates some of the Hollywood Community Plan design guidelines, as well as the Planning Department's Citywide Residue.
 residential design guidelines. Some of those guidelines include articulation on the facade that are but a street with a change in material, textures or a broken plane. So I'm going to interrupt that.
 So, okay, I think this is again pretty clear. And this has already been approved, the project has, and now it's back here just for the appellant. So,
 So unless you have some summation remarks, I'd like to go right to the... A few points maybe? Yes, please. That would be perfect. Okay. So here is a...
 summary of the appeal points that we received. They're primarily related to the short-term construction impacts which have all been mitigated either through the M&D or
 condition in the direct-risk determination. So once again we recommend
 denial of the appeal and sustaining the director's determination of proving a density bonus compliance review. Great. Thank you very much. Commissioners, if everybody is comfortable, I'd like to go right to the appellate.
 and um, here from him first. If I put five minutes on the clock, will that be enough? 20. Okay, let's go to four. Good afternoon.
 Commissioner, my name is Aaron Krubleyak and I'm the owner of the 1435-37-Pensetia place. The site that's directly adjacent to the proposed construction site.
 We're basically here to object to the whole project since there was no notices that were ever sent to us.
 other than 90 days excavation notice. We own this property for seven years. There are three partners and you're immediately adjacent right? I'm sorry.
 your property? Directly adjacent about 120 feet of common line. And no notice is one of the points. No notice is that we are aware of we're given to
 either me or two of my other partners. And we basically would like an opportunity to go through the same process. I mean, as I said here since
 the clock in the morning and observed, you know, other people go through. I mean, we're against it. Our tenants are against it. We have elderly tenants on the property. We have people that
 work, night shifts on the property. I mean, it's a huge impact. But one of the most important thing is blatant refusal of the developer to
 meet with us and discuss anything. I mean, once we received the only notice that we have received was 90-day excavation notice. And the notice stated that within 90 days the excavation has gone
 going to start at zero feet from the property line, zero feet. There was no proposed structural engineering report, structural
 survey of our property, how it's going to be affected, how the shore ink is going to be done. Are they going to use tiebacks going underground into our property?
 We send an email asking the developer for a meeting to meet with us. There was no response. So other than filing a lawsuit to protect our
 interests in this property. I just don't know what else to do. Thank you. Aaron, thank you for being here. Can I invite up the applicant? And we
 Did you address those appeal points for us? First of all, my name is Don Tolentino and I'm here for ISA Coansett, for Bonsetto, Sunset LC.
 I think that matters most is the invention that we refuse to be commenting on.
 So what did you talk to me and don't tell you before? Yeah. So what did you talk to us?
 And just do your best to describe what you understand. So I received that call and immediately gave it to the owners and I believe the day is coming.
 funded to them and I asked specifically to send an email to the owner and I don't know what happened then from then.
 So there's the notice issue and how about the structural soils reports all of that? About the notices. Which not, sir?
 He said that he's not been notified, I believe it's. When we fight the case, we have our religious, the abatting owners,
 I believe he was notified. He didn't get it from the mail. So I think we cannot be blamed for that, sir. Here is let's know.
 You can't speak out of turn. In plus, it's not recorded unless you're talking into a microphone, so thank you. Anything else you want to add? Or I'm going to invite staff back up. Just here to have your questions.
 Okay, thank you. Thanks for being here. Both of you. Can I invite staff back up? Can you put your appeal points back on the screen?
 So the access, can you guys speak to that at all? And also if you would speak, this is a very different process than the previous project we saw in terms of both public engagement.
 and participation. Maybe you could explain that to us why this process is different. So it was a director's determination so there was no public hearing but the determination went out to both the
 the appellant and the property owner and the applicant. And then when it was appealed by the adjacent property owner, we also sent another
 another determination and both of them received that as well. Now the addresses that we use are what we have on our record. And possibly there was an issue with that but I mean I can
 I can state the two addresses if you would like me to, but if you want me just to cover the appeal points. So the appeal points in the letter. Excuse me, can I? Dana. I want to address one at a time.
 if we could. Okay. So as far as the notice, so after the director's made a determination, then notice was sent by mail. Yes. And did that notice give them some information?
 as to how they could respond if they had concerns. Was there a telephone number provided now? Yes. Okay. Yeah, it's provided. It was a determination letter. So it went in and it states on that it was a 15-year-old.
 day appeal period on the original determination. Do you have a record of what addresses that notice was sent to? Yes. And is that the same address that the appellant used for his eye?
 appeal. I don't I don't see the appeal here. I'm trying to find the actual appeal table work. But is that the same address? Do we know? Yes it is. It's 11601.
 Santa Monica Boulevard and that's the label that it went to. Okay. And then the other one is 1-1-3-1-5, Dona Lola Drive, which is the Appellance Address.
 bill that was sent to, which is not the address of the actual property. And it's the same address that the excavation notice I assume was sent to.
 Yeah, the balance says was the first key learned of it. Right, the studio city address, it's the Dona Lola drive address that we send it to, that we send our determination to.
 I think it's the same, I mean we have the same system so building and safety would use the same address. It's the assessor and the city clerk address that we have in our system.
 Do you have a copy of the notice? Any chance that we take a look at? We included it in your packet. We've also got the original one.
 But here's the actual notice. Yeah, I'd love a chance to look at that. And the other point that I want to focus on, at least for me, the purposes is
 While I can understand a neighbor having concerns when a large construction project is going to be next to them, it seems to me in reading the report that they had a matter of right they could build 29 units.
 So we're only dealing with the density bonus, the difference between the construction of 29 and 39. I think we need to be mindful of that when we look at some of the other PL issues.
 So the appeal points we've responded since the appeal points had to do with impacts related to construction such as noise and dust.
 And there were some points there that had to do with the process that we were just talking about. We, since an omitigated neck deck was prepared for it, the mitigation measures addressed all of the issues.
 the appeal points. And that was how we responded and recommended it made our recommendation to deny the appeal. And that's an explanation you could offer as to the appellants.
 So that he does understand that there are conditions that do address the conditions for listed in the determination letter. All of the like with other determinations we have administrative conditions.
 conditions, but all of the conditions for the environmental were listed in that determination letter. Got it. The structural integrity of the property. Could you explain to us how that's handled?
 There was an appeal point in the letter that just said soils and engineering report. It just referenced the report, a structural engineering report. So, a soils and
 engineering report would be required. They were worried about the structural and there was a report. Right. Sureing design will be required for this question. Mr. President, we're just going to record in conditions 11 and 12, those specific.
 They would that in the, in the, in the, uh, in the document. Yeah, the conditions. And they were repeated in the appeal letter as well.
 So air pollution, demolition grading and construction activities were addressed, you know such as transported off site and wetting the dust
 the standard mitigation measures for construction dirt. There was also the ones having to do with noise and there was a minimum of
 five foot and two foot landscape buffer to be put in against all walls. And I guess I would add this is not unusual this process that I can see in any way.
 So, you know, maybe staff would take the time to walk the appellant through and explain to them that we, you know, this is a very common situation and the city's, I think, very common situation.
 competent and dealing with with these points. I'm ready for a motion unless we need further discussion. Dana? Mr. Perman, I still so do you have the actual notice that was originally
 sent out though that's what I was hoping to see. It was a director's determination so there was no notice of a public hearing because there was not a public hearing but we did send out was a determination.
 which show the director's determination. But that went to the neighbor? Exhibit B in your package, and I believe it's the one that I...
 I don't see that address to the neighbor. Change Williamson. Sean Bunsen City Planning Department. We don't
 address the neighbor in the letter. Our record show in the file who we mailed it to and we received no letters or envelopes that were returned saying that it was not sent. Okay, that's I just want to find out. So the property owner is
 is the neighbor, that's the one that says point, said, yeah, the one wiseman development. Well, that's the same address as the applicant and the representative. I just, all I need to know.
 knows this document exhibit being our packages, the document that was sent over. Right, that's the original and of course the appellant wouldn't be on on that one. But on the appeal notice, the appellant is listed there along with the
 with the property owner. Okay, I understand that. So there were two, the first one would not include the appellant except that determinations are sent to a budding property owner.
 So the appellant did include did get that notice. It's just not showing on your determination, but they're included as an inviting property owner. Final.
 comments from Dana more something else final comments Regina did you want to say this commissioner for I just think that was something that this illuminates is that we have seen this regularly and obviously the department
 that's what we're going to do. And we're going to have to do a lot of work to do. And we're going to have to do a lot of work to do. And we're going to have to do a lot of work to do. And we're going to have to do a lot of work to do. And we're going to have to do a lot of work to do. And we're going to have to do a lot of work to do. And we
 what is legally required, how those legal requirements are met, that we offer some patients on our part and obviously on this staff, which I'm sure you do, to help neighboring property owners understand what they're right to do.
 are when their rights can be evoked at what point in the process and that we do that with some deliberateness so that we don't, I mean we throw around acronyms, we do a lot of things because we get used to doing it.
 I just think that it's important for us to be sensitive to that. For our property. So to take the time to do that with the joining property owner, I think would be appreciated for everybody. Because the first time they would hear of it would be when they would receive the
 and so for many people that can be quite. Exactly. And for a density bonus case, there are ways that it takes it to a different level in terms of notice and what becomes a direct benefit.
 and I would appreciate that as well to give, you know, the, the appellant as much confidence in the process as we can. Sean. With that in mind, I'm prepared.
 I'd like to make a motion that we deny the appeal and sustain the director's determination. Do I have a second? Second. Thank you, Camille. James, would you pull the commission? Certainly.
 Commissioner Burton. Aye. Commissioner Aimee. Yes. Commissioner Cardoso. Yes. Commissioner Freer. Yes. Commissioner Hobbogumi. Yes. Commissioner Lassen. Yes. Commissioner Hulberg.
 Yes, Commissioner Romero. Yes, Commissioner Rochon. Yes, motion carries. Thank you all very much. Commission President Rochon before you adjourned the meeting. If I may please
 I'll hold the commission just very quickly before we all depart. I'm looking for your availability to participate in an all day hearing on Friday June 9th.
 and I know commission president you will be unavailable on that day. Are there others that would also be unavailable? I'm traveling that day.
 Thank you. Mr. Commissioner Burton. Yeah, Commissioner Perlman, I'll be out of town. Okay. I will be here. I'm also unavailable on the 28th.
 Commissioner Eng, I will be here. I'm sorry. I will be here. You will be. We're exploring a possible all day long hearing.
 on the Wyvernwood project. Friday the 28th. I will be available. I won't be available. With that, we are adjourned.
 Thank you.
