 Next item on the agenda is some
 It's the case we're here to hear. It's case APCNV.
 2016-565-ZC-BL
 the address of the property is 8730 north at a Wanda Avenue. I believe that's in North Korea.
 is the District 12. Can we have a departmental report please?
 Hello everyone, my name is Lucerito Martinez, I'm the project planner assigned to the case.
 The project consists of the demolition of an existing single family home. And that's subsequent consequences.
 construction of a three-story eight-unit apartment building with a semi-subterranean garage. It will put
 provide a total of 15 parking spaces. The requested entitlements include a Sony chip.
 change from R1-1 to R3-1 to construct the 8-unit apartment
 Building and also includes a 15 foot building line removal created by ordinance 12960.
 6.1. The recommendation is to approve the category called exemption
 Class 32, the zone change from R11 to TQR3.com.
 one and the building line removal and I'm here to answer any questions.
 that's the report. Okay, do we have any questions from the commission?
 for the department on the report.
 Okay. Hearing none and there's
 There's no other speakers on this on this item. The chair will entertain a motion from a commissioner on the side.
 Can I share? As general comments.
 general comments.
 I'm sorry, Parish, not City of Toronto, just wanted to clarify. Is that a comment card for this? These are for you.
 for general comments. Item six. Item six. On this item. We've already heard, Army. We've already taken general public.
 comments I'll just check and see whether there's a comment card for item number. It's a general comment request.
 We've already had Paul Beak. Yep.
 I'm sorry. I just saw something on here that he wrote.
 What is your what is your what is there's a common card it?
 When did you follow what comment card for this agenda item?
 I don't have any cards for against a item.
 This is a general comment. We've already had public comment. And real comment on item six.
 Yeah. Farveen. Yeah, this is where NACA before. Yeah, this is where NACA is.
 an ACA before you can make a motion. You have to hear the general comments or comments from the
 or they have palips that have it. Use any can put forth the most. Got another minute.
 by the way yes i'd like to know what is the name of the puppet well bully
 bull huh bully bull yeah everybody goes by must put them down by their name not just
 Mr. Puppet. Well, no, but he's known as Mr. Puppet. Okay. Please go ahead. You got one minute. So on my
 They come in car, they put down general comments about item 6. So on the car.
 corner on the top left, is that right? Well.
 There's an item number that's listed. You look at that for the item and that will tell you.
 you the item number. So again we have a rookie here.
 and that's how we do it. The brown act will be satisfied.
 One minute, that's her blessing. Two minutes is just a little bit more.
 this. So if you do one minute, you want to be a herb wasn't.
 Any of you want to be a herb lesson? Any of you want to have two more
 that you can't pay your age your hands and his lovely wife just took a job.
 job with the AQMD and spoke against public comment while she's working.
 as the outreach coordinator, bitch. He is.
 Thank you. Hold on a minute. We may have another comment.
 coming in.
 Is that for speaker card?
 Rafa Ovegas, Senior Atman. Yes, it is in the Speaker Hart for item 6, the Adrenaline.
 on the speaker card was actually incorrect. There should be a don't want to and I believe it reads. Nordoff, I ask.
 the individual to fill out the speaker card so he can submit it, which I would then hand over to the Commission President so that he
 in the video. Can I have a minute to speak on the item? Okay. So is he going to speak? Give us a minute.
 They have a comment card or not. Yes, he will speak. He's currently filling it out. All right. We'll give him a minute or two to do that.
 Is item number six which we're in number six right now. I don't need to speak.
 Support in the application. I represent the applicant. So please no issues. I don't need fine
 There's no opposition against it at this point. Okay.
 So at this point, you can see that the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the
 Do you have any, do you have a comment you want to make? No. No. No. I don't.
 At this point, the chair will entertain a motion from a commissioner on this item. I'm going to make a motion. Please.
 That's for case number APC NV 2016 565 CCBL.
 and CQ1 number ENV 2016564CE. This is Commissioner Hartwinian.
 So I'm motion that determined that based on the whole of the
 the administrative record. The project is exempt from SQL, pursuant to SQL guideline section.
 15332 State Sequel Guidelines Class 32nders. No substantial evidence demonstrated.
 that an exception to a categorical exemption pursuant to seek a guideline section 1530.
 This is the request from H1.
 to R3-1 has filed approve and recommend that the city chancellad up is
 adopt the zone change R1-1-2-TQ R3-1 subject to the attached
 conditions of approval, I recommend that the City Council adopt a building line removal to re-
 remove a 15 foot building line on the east side of 51. The avenue established under ordnance number 12.
 9661. I adopt that. Attached findings. Advise the applicant that person to California.
 for any state public resources code section 208 1.6 the city shall
 monitor or require evidence that mitigation conditions are implemented and maintained throughout
 the life of the project and city may require any necessary fees to cover the cost of such monitoring.
 and advised the applicant that pursuant to the state, fish and wildlife code section 711-pointfully.
 or efficient wildlife and or certificate of game exemption is now required to be submitted to the
 the county color prior to or concurrent with the environmental notice of determination.
 Okay, we have a motion on the floor. Can we get a second?
 And second, the motion. This is Commissioner Garcia.
 Okay, we have a motion on the floor or second call for the role. Just for NAC.
 you have a motion to approve the staff recommendations. Commissioner Haratunian, how do you both
 Bye. Commissioner Garcia, how do you vote? Aye. Commissioner...
 Ray is how do you vote? Aye. And Commissioner Simpson, how do you? Aye. And the motion passed.
 I'm sorry
 This is where an ACA we're being recorded and nothing is made. I want to speak. Come up to the microphone.
 Please identify yourself. Robert Lamishaw, JPL Zoning on behalf of the
 the haplacant. I just wonder if you had a projected date for the plum hearing on this.
 I do not. I don't believe the board does. Okay. Check with the planning department.
 Christine Sapnara from Planning Department usually once a project is recommended for approval. It's up to
 the agenda of CD-14 to place it on the plum agenda. So they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they,
 do their own well thing, they'll like you know though. Okay, thank you.
 Okay, we have nothing else on the agenda. I'm going to take an emotion for adjournment.
 Thank you. Thank you. Seconded. Okay, and we are adjourned and we're out.
 Give me a time. A time. The meeting comes to an end.
 and a 452.
