 Item number 6. Item number 6 is case number Z82017210CU1A. Project site is 5815258258. west sunset Boulevard. The project is in council district 13. Appeal of the zoning administrators determination to approve a conditional use permit to allow a transient occupancy residential structure in an appeal of the categorical exemption. At this time, we will hear from staff and also would like to state that this is a August 8th, 2017 hearing where we had our public testimony at that time. Good evening, Commission President and Commissioner, this is Jack Johnthe zoning administrator who I'll oversee this case. Item submitted to you or are conditions submitted by the applicantand revised condition number 11, 12, 13 and 15. It should be part of the packet. So the applicant is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who And the property owner has a men 3 conditions in regards to its business model and also a young sign manager. I have revised condition 11 12 13 and 15 just for more clarity, okay? Excuse me. I'm sorry. Just for the record. I believe commission Commissioner Delgado needed to make a statement because he wasn't here on the September of August 8 meeting. Commissioner Delgado, I've reviewed the audio files and the minutes for the last meeting of August 8. I'm caught up this be. Okay. Thank you commissioner. So these are the items I request by the commission last time to amend. Okay. Additional item that I submitted to you is similar type of cases that will approve because that was a question asked by the commissioner and also I believe. I believe that Helen also have some of that same question. So I asked our ZAs in the department if they have done any transient occupancy infrastructure projects in the past few years. Only Maya Zazewski replying and she has done one that she approved back in 2013. The project was It's a locating Venice planning area and it's a conversion from the residential apartment into the tours, the transient occupiesa residential structure. It's not exactly the same as the project before you, because the project before you maintains both apartment and the torsures, but this one is a complete, conversion. I also mentioned that there is a project located on Wojer, right, right around the Amokal the park area. I call the applicant and that project never penciled out so it did not become an application. However, what I want to present to you is is a joint memo issued by a joint department memo issued by the Planning Department and also building in safety on February 27th, Now this memo basically stays that general plan vision this route and new regional center in district will be the most densely dividedin Los Angeles and characterised by lively mixed residential commercial entertainment retail and visitors serving uses to help realise this the exception, okay, this memo is to relax the citywide regulation government permitted uses of land and y'allrequirement for the buildings. Now this memo is stipulate that hotel motel apartment hotel in CRC1C.5C2C4 and C5 zonesbasically covers all commercial area. In the central city community plan area, or area designated by the community plan as regional center or regional communitycommercial to be exempted with conditional use. So even a hotel, a part of the hotel is located within 500 feet over in our area. So if you have a project that's located in this red hatch area. That's a regional center commercial. So this covers the entire downtown. In areas of a long-wisher boulevard, from downtown all the way to Korea-town, Western Avenue. And also, majority area of Hollywood, okay, community, the hatch area. Project like this, okay. Okay, that conforming to the criteria, if it's a new construction or adapt to reuse, or conversion existing buildings to a largethat has a historical significance. You don't need the conditional use. So there could be my points that there could be a lot of this projectthat all they need is just go to building and safety, who are building permit without coming to planning department for a conditional use. Okay, so this project, the before you, I don't think qualifies for this memo. But I want to illustrate the fact that there must be a lot of a tourist project in the cities of system that's not before us. And in order to find out that has to be a surge through building premise system. Okay, so that's that's that's all I want to say in regards to the possible distype of cases that occurs in the city. All right now for the metropolitan law. My feeling is that this is a unique area. It's a unique use. In other area, I will not consider a proof of it. This project basically serves a creative office use. That's why it's very different. Okay? And I think it's important to maintain the apartment use on sitebecause this is not a typical hotel use. Now, I think you probably see a couple of letters one from the Hollywood Chambers' Commerce to support usthe hotel. The other one from the the neighborhood council, one of you and FOIA, the neighborhood council. They talk about the hotel use, but to me, I think this is a very different from the hotel use because this allows, this course, especially for this project allows longer stay. This is not geared towards a visitor for a couple of days. These people may stay on site for two weeks, three weeks, maybe two months. Okay? So I think that you the use is very important to cover both on the 30 days and over 30 days. Because if you do not allow the apartment use, then the tenants outside when it when it crossed 30 days, then basically city city does not enforce any sort of a tendency of insiders who over 30 days, but City does enforce the housing actions, housing regulation on apartments that's if it's for short term rentals. So if tenants stay, if you don't maintain a hotel, I mean the apartment use and the tenant stays over 30 days, then nobody's overseeing nobody's over 30 daysseen the ten and rights as an apartment do all are okay but I think it's also very important to to approve this project because there is an absolute it absolute need in this area to provide sort of a transient occupancy residence structure for a sort of a longer turn short turn stays. This is not a hotel use. Even the people are trying to sell you that. The area needs a hotel or there may be other hotel projects coming in but this is not exactly a hotel use. So I think that basically I'm going to conclude my comments for this project. Commissioner Chunkam, so any one clarification regarding, I guess other cases similar to this. So just to be clear, there are no precedents in place for mixed use in the sense of transient and long-term. Correct. That's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I did not find other ones. Okay. And then. Sorry, this is stranger. But that's only the ones that required conditional use. I think what Jack was pointing out was that. If you're in the regional center area, you can go to building and safety and add tours to your building, your certificate of occupancy so you could have bothtours and just regular dwelling units. It's just that we would have to go through a search of building permits and to be able to identify how many of those existthroughout the city. Commissioner Chunkham, because I'm going to have to ask you to walk through the modified or your proposed modificationto the conditions. However, prior to that, I know that two of the commissioners that were at the last hearing regarding this case who aren't here. I know that some of the biggest concerns during that meeting was pertaining to how to obtain that number of dedication for permanent or more long term use versus the transitionand we were having trouble coming up with that type of number. I have to refer to the applicant because I think right now they are still maintaining the 50 two units as both apartment units and transit and occupancy rest and structure units. We can call the applicant up and have them have him to a I'm not sure if you could have further questions. I do commission to the other side. I think in addition to how to divvy up the personof those units and how to, and their designation was also how to distribute them throughout the floors and I think there was a question versus where the top form metaphor I do have some questions or some updates that that I'd like to get it. I don't know who would have that information. And I read information regarding, and it came up several times regarding for specific very low income units and whether or notthose are in fact designated as low income units. Okay, those for now. This this project metropolitan law it's part of the lawlarger project to the west of the metropolitan creative campus. That created campus, it encompassed the metropolitan towerand the Metropolitan Creative Office to the West, there's a metropolitan West apartment. Okay, I think it's 76 apartment units. That for youunits are you talking about affordable units that's in that apartment. It's not within the metropolitan law building. Okay. Now. Sorry, the next question. Yes. Is there a question? Yes. Yes. One update on the one tenant that was at this unit that was nearing the 12 month lease. I think that the tenancy will end in Septemberbut we can ask the applicant to clarify. Now, going back to Commission President Chunking's question, I think now. The applicant, the property owner has to submit the first three conditions. I think the first condition, illustrate their planplans for the business model. So they are going to move the existing tenant to the upper floor. So have the lower floor open up for the, uh, the short-term rentals. So that's the existing plans. But as far as how many units will permanently be assigned to apartments and how many units will permanently be assigned toto the tours, I don't think that we have that information available. So I still maintain that the applicant, the property owner still want to do all 52. units as an apartment, both apartments and tours use. How are they going to rent those, the units rent out as the short term I think it's still the market demand. Commissioner Trunkhamconditions 11, 12, 13, 15. Can you just walk us through? I know there were questions regarding the language specifically and so if you can walk us through those changes. I believe Commissioner Chimewinsky was saying that there has to be some sort of criteriaotherwise this condition does not make any sense. So I just added that the applicant shall not displace or be very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very effective without just cause so that if the if and tenant breach the lease agreement as to become nuisance or become the It becomes or endangered properties or not pay rent, then they can be victim. But that's why I just add the phrase without just cost is to breach Lisa Green. So the least agreement itself will have terms. So I'm just keeping the language sort of a flexible. Now, condition number two. There was a question in regards to the 30 days and 60 days. Okay. Now which type of tenants should be served with 30 days or which type of tenants should be served with 60 days? then I checked the California Department of Consumer Affairs. It has regulation in regards to the noticing. Now, if you... the notice will serve to tenet. That doesn't matter what type of lease agreement you have. Whether it's months to months or it's a yearly lease, it does notmatter but what matter is how long have you stay on the property. So if you stay on the property for less than one year then 30 days notice applies. If you If you have the live on the property for more than a year, 12 months, then 60 days lease will apply. I mean 60 days notice what apply. So I basically I change it a littlelanguage I'd be more clear that the applicant shall comply to the California's Department consumer affair and noticing requirement okay and the applicant will allow the tenants to stay up additional 30 days, okay, beyond the terms of tenancy, okay, in case they arerelocating. So this is just an additional month or additional month that they can have. All right. Madam, I have a question. So to clarify. If they have an existing lease, this says that they can't be terminated without just cause. But once that lease is over, then they can terminate the lease. But these are the... the amount of time that they would be required to give. Correct. That's correct. That's why. All right. So condition 13, it has to do with the securitysecurity. The regional grant already had a security condition, but I think one question was asked whether there would be security patrol. So the property owner agreed that they can provide security Guard service, okay, so on site 24 hours a day. All right, so I add that that. The last condition is number 15 that on-site manager, I just say that available for 24 hours a day. Now that is already a part of the the determination. Now this is the on-site manager is required by the state law for any apartment that's more than 16 units you have to have a 24 hourour on-site manager. This is basically a regulatory compliance measure. I mean, I don't think that it's necessary, but I think having the language basically will... or you know, would be more clear to you than your property owner. Thank you. You can just give me a moment to read throughsome of the other language. Commissioner Tom Kim. So I think in terms of just addressing some of the concerns and questions from the last meeting, these proposed modifications to the conditionsadvice, how do you guys feel? Commissioner Doga, I would agree based on the concerns that I have that were addressed earlier and the revised conditions. I would be inclined to make a decision. Commissioner Chalkim, so the only really pending or an answered part of our last discussion would be I'm just how to divide up that property. And so I'm inclined to bring the applicant back up because I believe staff said that would be a question for the applicant. Commissioner Nermendez, we had also asked for feedback from the council office. Did we get any input from them on this? No. That's not. They have no comments in regards to this project. OK, so at this time, can we bring it? the applicant. It's turning Newman back up. So if you can, just to dress, you'll have five minutes. I just need to answer your own question, I think, is. You've asked a question I wanted. I would like to answer that. Stay tuned, April. My name is Jerry Newman. Thank you, President Chunkham, members of the commission. The question that is asked and that was asked of us relative to last yearis how do you divvy up the apartments and tours? And I think Mr. Chang made an adequate description of what we thought about. We started thinking through a business plan and I think Commissioner Delgado kind of hit the nail on the head in some ways of saying well you know what's fair How do you divide things up what floors do you put them on and the like and and the way we started thinking about it from a business this model perspective was for those people who have been there and were not subjected to a transient occupancy near them, it is unfair or potentially unfair to expose them to it with without having a consolidated floor that is dedicated to them. So what we thought was we would offer both four month extensions to whatever lease term they currently have and offer to move them to a consolidated floor so that we have 11, I think it's 11 tenants left that we would move to two consolidated floors. Thereafter, and those floors would remain such until So such time as those tenants have either left or tenancy or not. Then people who come in terms of the marketplace, we would provide you'll see that in our business plan there's a series of notices that are required. And the notices were meant to inform both individuals who want to rent on a long-term basis that this is in effect a mixed apartment buildingand that there may be people who are a temporary occupant near them. And if so, these are their rights and these are the ways that they can have complaints and these is how we will take care of them. And that way, they can make the decision on whether to rent the apartment or not and if they're renting it, they're renting it with knowledge that they could be living next to someone who is a temporary occupant. On the flip side of that, we wanted to also notify the temporary occupants that they are living in a building that could have permanent residence and as such there is a code of conduct relative to that and given that there are temporary which would mean that they're less than 30 days, there's a, we've imposed a three strike rule. If there's three complaints against a temporary resident, they're out without question, you know, and it would be three strikes within that 30 day periodthat way ensuring that we are both serving the community that we want and providing the most flexibility for the building because the reality is as as as Mr. Chang identified. This is a very special part of how we are doingand we believe it serves a population as to the studios and the entertainment industry and trying to be fair to the residents that exist there giving them a longer term, allowing them to be on a separate floor during their whole tenancyand thereafter, making sure that everyone is aware of the rules of the game. And that seemed like the wisest business plan, so you didn't get into the question of how do you disperse? What do you do? What's fair? What's not fair? Commissioner Chunkim, do you have any questions? Commissioner Dogaro, I guess my only question would be if the 11 tenants are going consolidated to two floors and they're aware of it. It's their choice. I mean, we would be giving them the option and we would pay for their move. Got it. If they're aware that they're consolidated to those two floors, I wouldn't... I guess what I'm trying to communicate is that there could be some tension because they wouldn't be aware that everyone that's not in those placestwo floors are transient. I don't know that what we're trying to do is create a product for an area that is very special and so I don't know that it would be I'm not saying everyone else in the building would be, it could be that we're renting to new people who are aware that they're living in a potential transient building and they could become permanent residents too. So the floor below them for above them could have different types of We've experienced this in New York. There are many of these types of buildings that exist. You'll see that some condominium or they can co-op buildinggo into hotel pools and it's by when we've researched it and saw that we saw that creating these sorts of house rules and having a mechanism for complaint and having rules that they get applied and having security accomplishes having a harmonious living environment for folks. Because that really at the end of the day was the question was how do you ensure a harmonious living environment? Commissioner Chunkam, so then? to be clear this would be a short term solution to some of the concerns that we had. So the existing 11 tenants at the moment should they choose you will consolidate them into two floors. Some time down the road this may these two floors may also end up becoming transient use depending on what the demand is But not bring the tenancies of those individuals. So if we have to have bacon units or they're not not being rented by long term tenants, then they won't be rented. Got it. And then for long term, the solution would be just clear roles and expectations for and complete transparency in the process. Got it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Mr. Chunkham, can we take a quick one minute recess while I have a procedural question? First off. So right now is 524 and we will resume in about a minute or so. The time is 5.25 and we will resume from our recess and so we actually have have some cards for the public testimony. However, because the public testimony took place on August 8th, it's meeting unless there is a motion by the commissionto open up public testimony and we can proceed with deliberation. Okay, so then we will... If you have any new thoughts or emotion on the table. Commissioner Mendez. I'm not sure if this is a staff question or an applicant question, but I want to sort of read. Revisit the question as to why there wasn't something proposed as to how to divvy up and protect existing housing unitswith transitory units. I mean, is that something that, because we had asked for some sort of guidance recommendation on if we wanted to move that direction on how to do it? And so, just wanted to understand why that was in front of us. I think there's two part questions. So I once had one part, the other part out, referred to the applicant. Now, you see what I asking. The question is, Commissioner this is Jack John zone administrator so commission are men and there's is asking still why there's no It definitive number of units been divided up. I'll refer that to the applicant. But as far as your question relates to taking up the apartment, the use. Okay, I want to clarify that this project does not remove the apartment use from the market. It is still all this units are still apartment units. Okay, you but you I want to use award in power to empower these units so that So that the property owner can serve it demand in the area to allow 30 days of tenancy, under 30 days of tenancy, in case that there is a market demand. But the apartment use are still maintained. So there is really no removal of the apartment units or the housing stock from this propertythe committee. I don't think it was necessarily the removal of the apartment use. It was just the potential down the road. What can happen? The committee is going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a happen to housing in general and more so than a specific number per say dedication to long-term versus the transient, it was just more of a guidance for any type of mechanism or a precedent in place that would help us somewhat navigateyou know if we felt the need to dedicate a portion of this to ensure that there is housing available. I think that was just kind of the overall concern of the commission and we're we left off last time for this hearing where we were hoping to have that answer. I think that's what Commissioner Mendes is alluding to. If there's any We derive such a number or a percentage or a ratio. Commissioner Mendez or how do we protect existing housing? stock so that it's not a number that's going down. I think the housing stock has, again, housing, this is Jack John, his only administrator. I don't think the housing stock has been removed from this property, so it's not going down. But in terms of the numbers, the percentage, I really have to defer that to the applicant. Now, you're asking about the housing stock in the region. That is a bigger question than this conditional use project. That is more of a community question and regional question and policyquestion. Now when you are asking the vacancy rate and also the population that has to do with the census and the policy programs that the department hashas. Okay, so I don't want you to jam a big, big topic into a conditional use project. It just, it doesn't work. It doesn't worknot answer the question based on that because even if you're considering removing a housing stock from this property there will be other housing project coming up in the region. If it's not in Hollywood, it will be right, it will be community right next door. I mean, it would be a Jason community plan. We have a lot of a project and I put location of pipeline, you know, for small lots of division, new apartments, the communions, affordable housing, the project after this is affordable housing. I mean, there are a lot other housing project coming in the pipeline to replace that. But what you're asking is bigger than the conditional use before us. Again, for the number of, if you only have a dedicated number of apartment units and tours, I have to defer that to the applicant. Commissioner Chunkan, thank you. I mean, for me personally, that logic does make sense because we're not removing the apartment use. We're adding a new use to it. So the logic does make sense for me and in terms of the language in some of the conditions that the commission felt needed clarification or just some clearing up, I feel like the suggested modifications that staff provided suffice. And so I'm inclined to, well actually I do have another question. So then these somewhat voluntary, if you can call it thatconditions from the applicant, how would we be able to implement that into? Impose as part of the conditions approval. Yeah, I just don't use a war voluntarybecause a lot of times the application, the applicants were in voluntary condition. I just delete the war at voluntary and then make that as part of my conditionor Cesar Nesco Velasquez City Attorney's Office. You can look at these three conditions and see if there's something in the findings that allow you to create, you know, what we call that Nexus, you know, where we've just discussed before in this commission. What's the connection between these particular conditions? And some effect of the project that, according to the findings, you think needs to be addressed. So. So just as by way of guidance, if you look at finding number two of the projects location size high operations and other significant features, we'll be compatible with and will not adversely affect or further to greater adjacent properties surrounding neighborhood or the northernthe public health, welfare and safety. I think if you look at these three conditions that are proposed to be added to the project, you look at the findings as currently drafted, you may be able to articulate where these conditions fit in. For example, in paragraph two of the findings that's currently drafted, there's just discussion about existing tenants and about their current lease agreements and arrangements. This first condition appears to me to be addressing addressing issues related to what's being discussed in that second paragraph of finding number two. Once again, now looking at the second proposed condition. The the notice that the tends to be given that it's a mixed tendency building and provided rule of conduct. Once again, that might fall in under this second finding of making sure that this project is compatible with and will not for the degree of usegrade, adjacent property starting in the neighborhood and so on. The third condition, the member of management staff being available 24 hours a day at handle complaints. Once again, my fall into this same, to the logic behind making this second finding in the affirmative. So if the commission wants to take a little bit of time to sort of digest what I've just said and see what you guys think in terms of these conditions, whether or not you think that there is, that next is that connection between these conditions and some effect of the project that you're looking atthat you think can be addressed through these conditions. I would just know on this of these conditions that the second condition regarding the rules of the law conduct the portion a bit about the starts with that if breached would result in their immediate loss of right to occupy the premises. Once again, I would just have the commission consider as far as enforcement goes that seems like that might be something that's really between the lesser and the less see and whether or not this comes from a monster in a positive condition that seems more to go to the relationship between the lesser and less see. I just want to consider whether or not you think that language is appropriate, whether or not the city can effectively enforce that particular term of the condition similar to thatthe three strike rule for complaints against such tenants and then being then asked to leave the premises. Once again, I would just have the commission consider whether or not that's something that can be effectively and efficiently You know, taking care of by the state or whether or not that strikes the commission or something that really is between the less or on the less. Commissioner Mendez, questionsthat those were asked to be included was to address some of the safety concerns that existing tenants have. So is there a way for us to include language around that that that gives the city or gives us some ability to put requirements around that that don't have those issues that you just described. Since there's no Alaska City Attorney's Office, I have to think a little bit more about what language could be drafted to address that concern. But the concern that I just wanted to highlight to the commission was that issue of informationand adopting and contracting conditions that can be enforced with relative efficiency and effectivenessand those particular provisions just struck me as being a bit difficult to police in And not in the LAPD sense of the word, but police in the sense of just how do we, how does the city ensure that such a condition is complied with? Having a rules of conduct is somethingthat we can, I think, we can reasonably enforce, it could be some requirement that the applicant present those rules of conduct to the to the part of city planning or to the relevancy department. It's just the result of what a breach of those rules of conduct mean may put the city in a position where it's interjecting itself intoissues or it speaks between a less or an LSE and that is what struck me as being potentially difficult to enforce. But if someone more creative than me, if you are a or maybe staff can come up with language that might address the concerns that I've highlighted, but still take care of. I think what you hope such a condition might accomplishperhaps we can come up with something, but I, unfortunately, I don't have anything off the top of my head right now that I could present to you, but I'm sure if you, if you can try to work with someone, to have it see if they can think of anything that might address your concern while still being something that can be effectively enforced. Good. Mr. Chunkam. This is a question that's been I think looming for me at least with Mr. Haynes also commenting earlier, but I mean where is that? line drawn in terms of enforcement and creating some sort of repercussions if you can call it that for not complyingbecause, I mean, in the case of the example that was brought up earlier, if there is a non-compliance, I don't feel like there is much language, whether it's in the conditions itself or just Maybe it's just a deeper problem, but I mean, yeah, there just seems to be very limited enforcement that we're able to puton such matters before us. So where is that line? Because I know you're saying we're now going into like a private agreement area. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you and obviously act to legal out and enforce the conditions that this commission may or may not impose. That's divided up between different, you know, separate bodies of the city. DBS being one of them that receives complaints alleging Don't Encode Violation then goes out and investigates them. You know, sort of end. So, the process factor example would be sort of for these rules of conduct that you could have a requirement that the applicant submit these rules. So, did you know that they've actually been drafted? That's something that I think can be enforced and compliantproof of compliance with that can be reasonably shown. Like my point was to simply highlight that, the commission just consider whether or not these particular conditions that's currently drafted with or notthere's language in there that should be removed because they don't lend themselves to, if they don't lend themselves to either efficient enforcement or it puts the city in a position where it's Arbitrating this view between you know the person who's renting and the person who's you know the less in the less or and that's what's the point I wanted to make you know the point of enforcement is obviously a much that I sit here in this chair can, you don't give me the. Mr. Chunkant, well then to get a little bit more specific to this personparticular, I think you're looking at the second bullet point. So I guess where I am confused is what's the difference between outlining the quiet hours? I'm just not seeing because to me they're equally safespecific? I don't know. So, last week, I said he turned his office. I think the issue that I wanted to highlight is that having a rules of conduct that outline when quiet hours being your attentionon weekdays and 11 pmon weekends. It's something that is very precise. You can have the applicant submit these rules of conduct and it states clearly that quite hours are from 10 pmon the weekdaysany 11-pm on the weekends, when it comes to sort of three strikes in your out sort of rule, my concern with was with the condition as currently drafteddoesn't explain what a strike is for, you know, we heard from the applicant today that it was over 30 day period. So once again, the condition has crumly drafted, it didn't have that. So that was my concern that seemed to bethat it was a bit vague as far as what a strike would be categorized as a strike and that it would then put the strikedecision would be under these conditions seems that it would be enforcing the, you know, the repercussions for these violations framing threestrikes, whereas that seemed to be more of an issue between, like I said, the less one, the less e to decide what sort of repercussions should result from violations of the rules of contact establishing rules of conduct, I think something that is within the purview of this commission and something that can be presented to planning step-to-show, these are the rules of conduct, these are quite hours, these are, you know, whateverother rules, these are the rules that people are expected to abide by while staying at this particular site. But issues of removing short-term tenetsor three strikes in your route seem to be more an issue between the applicant as the one who's putting the units up for rent and then those people who then decide to rent those units. So that was the distinction I was making between just having quite hours to start a 10pm on the weekdays and 11pm on the weekends. That's something that can be clearly put out, you know, in a short paragraph from bullet points on a rules of conduct put this issue of three strikes and what is a strike just seem to be a little too unclear as currently drafted and as wanted to highlight that to the commissionas a point that may be unclear at the moment. Commissioner Mendez, I think the one possible solution to this would be to eliminate specifics like that and require that rules of conduct be created, but also that there be some sort of complaint process for existing tenants so that As issues come up as part of this transition that Existing tenants have a right to or having the ability to communicate that and have those needs addressed all right Staff just only miss or exact So the housing department currently enforce the housing conditions and regulations. So if there's any nuisance I'll occur on site, the tenant can always contact the city to enforce any sort of a nuisance. Okay, so but I do agree with the city attorney in regards to the three strike rule. Okay, I propose I went to because in case there is a dispute between the tenants and property owner, then City will be dragged in. And that, when should not be involved, in between the private contract. Now this is different than the city regulation, the LEMC, whereas the fence case, the regulation comes comes from the LAMC, so City has to enforce that. But this thing is basically agreement created by two private prop parties and I don't think that there's a playfor that in our condition. So having the choir, the ruse of conduct makes sense, but that's the three strike rule. And the housing department, housing department enforcement, that's again, that's a regulatory compliance. I mean, that's just like building a safety. I don't think that we need to add additional language for something that City already does. I just wanted to, I, Commissioner and Chunk Kim, get a better understanding, especially when you say I'll go through and, you know, check for this type of language that we fully understandunderstand the thought process of what kind of language it is that you're asking us to look for. Before we go into searching for all applicable findings, Commissioner Delgado, did you have any input and sites questions? Commissioner Delgado, no, I don't. Commissioner Tonkowski, So if we're all in agreement, I think the next step would be taking a couple moments to look through the findings and see how they apply to these three bullet points. I think it's already, at least according to staff's presentation, already coveredcovered by the proposed modification to condition number 15. So I think that there will maybe be duplicative of condition number 15, but I'll let you knowstaff chime in if that is correct. Not correct. Number two. I'm sorry. The third bullet point is already covered. Yeah. It's covered by condition number 15. So I think that we can trythat. I can revise the second bullet point so that it will be more appropriatejust contain just contain the ours route that the property owner provides rules of conduct and then they are showing crew the quiet hours starting at 11 pm. PM and for a vision of alcoholic drink and smoke or any of any kind outside or private residents, then that's That's it. Yeah. Commissioner Tonkin, while we're on that second bullet point, I'm being nitpicky, but can we make sure it does quiet? Yeah, yes, yes. Yes. That's quiet. I just like to say I'm getting to quiet. Excuse me, you had a turn. Commissioner and Tom Kim sorry we had our public testimony for the last hearingand so for this continu don't need to open up p We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to Thank you. Commissioner Tonkin, so for these two bullet points, I've removed the third one since it's a duplicate. In order for us to actually make these part of the conditions of the CEP, we would have to find that if it's within the findings. And so, if we are in agreement, that we want these two bullet points submitted to us by the applicant to be part of the conditions then we would have to. I keep wanting to say fine, the finefinding. This is Jane Joy with the Planning Department. Could I make a suggestion for finding? So I think in finding number one regarding the project will enhance the built environment in the surrounding areathe starting neighborhood or will perform a function or provide a service that is essential or beneficial to the community, city or region. So I think it's already established in the finding that the project will providethe city of the city. I'm going to go ahead and provide a service. That is essential or beneficial to the community city or region. But if you look on page 14. Actually at the bottom of the page 13. I'm going to go ahead and go ahead and provide a service. That is essential or beneficial to the community city or region. But if you look on page 14. Actually at the bottom of the page 13. I'm going to go ahead and provide a serviceand continuing on to page 14, it talks about allowing short-term rentals while maintaining the apartment use would make an efficient and flexible use and it continuesuse on to talk about how the project would preserve long-term housing while addressing short-term residential occupancy issues. I would suggest adding a paragraph after that that talks about and how at the hearing and the area planning commission issues were raised regarding the compatibility of ability having both long term leadsand short-term leases and to address that the commission is adding these two conditions to allow for better noticing of of for tenants both long term and short term to address the issues that were raised at the during the public testimony. Mr. Tunkim, so can we just say what you just said? I'm going to refer back to your statement. I'll have it then. OK. This is our next slide. It's going to be turned off. Even when you make your motion, you can refer back to senior senior. We plan to change choice comments and it's up those as the market as and it's up those or you know, it's up those but just refer back to them when you're making your motion and incorporating theseadditional conditions into the approval. Commissioner Tonkamp, so would any of the commissioners like to make a motion. I'd love to, Commissioner Dorgato, it's a little complicated. If you want to start me off, be glad to take it home, but I want to make sure that I have be overall framework of what it is that we've agreed to and then how we can on the record kick it back to planning. Sure Commissioner Chong Kim. So we would bemaking a motion to grant the appeal in part. And then it's In part because we will be adding new conditions and revising conditions 11, 12, 13 and 15. So adding the two conditionsconditions that were submitted to us by the applicant with the findings that senior city planner, Jane Joy made. Does that help? No. No. Okay. Commissioner Tonkin, I'll make the motion. All right. Thank you. Commissioner Tonkin, I make a motion to grant the appeal to the committeein part, determined based on the whole of the administrative record that the project is exempt from CEQA pursuant to Article 3, Section 1, Class 1, Category 22 of the CEQA guidelines and there is no substantial evidence demonstrating that an exception to a categorical exception pursuant to SQL guidelines section 15300.2 applies. Grand The appeal in part and sustain in part the zoning administrators determination to approve a conditional use permit, to allow a transient occupancy residential structure addition to an existing residential dwelling use within 500 feetadopt the conditions of approval as modified by the commission and adopt the findings with the modifications suggested by the senior cityplan or Jane Joy. Commissioner Doug I don't I second the motion. And on strong CEA we have a first and second motion on the floor. Commissioner Chan Kim. How do you vote? Yes commission Delgado. How do you vote? Yes commission amended. How do you vote? Yes motion passed Missionor Chunkim so we're gonna wait for the room room to clear out before I move on to item number seven. Item number 6. Item number 6 is case number Z82017210CU1A. Project site is 5815258258. west sunset Boulevard. The project is in council district 13. Appeal of the zoning administrators determination to approve a conditional use permit to allow a transient occupancy residential structure in an appeal of the categorical exemption. At this time, we will hear from staff and also would like to state that this is a August 8th, 2017 hearing where we had our public testimony at that time. Good evening, Commission President and Commissioner, this is Jack Johnthe zoning administrator who I'll oversee this case. Item submitted to you or are conditions submitted by the applicantand revised condition number 11, 12, 13 and 15. It should be part of the packet. So the applicant is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who And the property owner has a men 3 conditions in regards to its business model and also a young sign manager. I have revised condition 11 12 13 and 15 just for more clarity, okay? Excuse me. I'm sorry. Just for the record. I believe commission Commissioner Delgado needed to make a statement because he wasn't here on the September of August 8 meeting. Commissioner Delgado, I've reviewed the audio files and the minutes for the last meeting of August 8. I'm caught up this be. Okay. Thank you commissioner. So these are the items I request by the commission last time to amend. Okay. Additional item that I submitted to you is similar type of cases that will approve because that was a question asked by the commissioner and also I believe. I believe that Helen also have some of that same question. So I asked our ZAs in the department if they have done any transient occupancy infrastructure projects in the past few years. Only Maya Zazewski replying and she has done one that she approved back in 2013. The project was It's a locating Venice planning area and it's a conversion from the residential apartment into the tours, the transient occupiesa residential structure. It's not exactly the same as the project before you, because the project before you maintains both apartment and the torsures, but this one is a complete, conversion. I also mentioned that there is a project located on Wojer, right, right around the Amokal the park area. I call the applicant and that project never penciled out so it did not become an application. However, what I want to present to you is is a joint memo issued by a joint department memo issued by the Planning Department and also building in safety on February 27th, Now this memo basically stays that general plan vision this route and new regional center in district will be the most densely dividedin Los Angeles and characterised by lively mixed residential commercial entertainment retail and visitors serving uses to help realise this the exception, okay, this memo is to relax the citywide regulation government permitted uses of land and y'allrequirement for the buildings. Now this memo is stipulate that hotel motel apartment hotel in CRC1C.5C2C4 and C5 zonesbasically covers all commercial area. In the central city community plan area, or area designated by the community plan as regional center or regional communitycommercial to be exempted with conditional use. So even a hotel, a part of the hotel is located within 500 feet over in our area. So if you have a project that's located in this red hatch area. That's a regional center commercial. So this covers the entire downtown. In areas of a long-wisher boulevard, from downtown all the way to Korea-town, Western Avenue. And also, majority area of Hollywood, okay, community, the hatch area. Project like this, okay. Okay, that conforming to the criteria, if it's a new construction or adapt to reuse, or conversion existing buildings to a largethat has a historical significance. You don't need the conditional use. So there could be my points that there could be a lot of this projectthat all they need is just go to building and safety, who are building permit without coming to planning department for a conditional use. Okay, so this project, the before you, I don't think qualifies for this memo. But I want to illustrate the fact that there must be a lot of a tourist project in the cities of system that's not before us. And in order to find out that has to be a surge through building premise system. Okay, so that's that's that's all I want to say in regards to the possible distype of cases that occurs in the city. All right now for the metropolitan law. My feeling is that this is a unique area. It's a unique use. In other area, I will not consider a proof of it. This project basically serves a creative office use. That's why it's very different. Okay? And I think it's important to maintain the apartment use on sitebecause this is not a typical hotel use. Now, I think you probably see a couple of letters one from the Hollywood Chambers' Commerce to support usthe hotel. The other one from the the neighborhood council, one of you and FOIA, the neighborhood council. They talk about the hotel use, but to me, I think this is a very different from the hotel use because this allows, this course, especially for this project allows longer stay. This is not geared towards a visitor for a couple of days. These people may stay on site for two weeks, three weeks, maybe two months. Okay? So I think that you the use is very important to cover both on the 30 days and over 30 days. Because if you do not allow the apartment use, then the tenants outside when it when it crossed 30 days, then basically city city does not enforce any sort of a tendency of insiders who over 30 days, but City does enforce the housing actions, housing regulation on apartments that's if it's for short term rentals. So if tenants stay, if you don't maintain a hotel, I mean the apartment use and the tenant stays over 30 days, then nobody's overseeing nobody's over 30 daysseen the ten and rights as an apartment do all are okay but I think it's also very important to to approve this project because there is an absolute it absolute need in this area to provide sort of a transient occupancy residence structure for a sort of a longer turn short turn stays. This is not a hotel use. Even the people are trying to sell you that. The area needs a hotel or there may be other hotel projects coming in but this is not exactly a hotel use. So I think that basically I'm going to conclude my comments for this project. Commissioner Chunkam, so any one clarification regarding, I guess other cases similar to this. So just to be clear, there are no precedents in place for mixed use in the sense of transient and long-term. Correct. That's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I think that's right. I did not find other ones. Okay. And then. Sorry, this is stranger. But that's only the ones that required conditional use. I think what Jack was pointing out was that. If you're in the regional center area, you can go to building and safety and add tours to your building, your certificate of occupancy so you could have bothtours and just regular dwelling units. It's just that we would have to go through a search of building permits and to be able to identify how many of those existthroughout the city. Commissioner Chunkham, because I'm going to have to ask you to walk through the modified or your proposed modificationto the conditions. However, prior to that, I know that two of the commissioners that were at the last hearing regarding this case who aren't here. I know that some of the biggest concerns during that meeting was pertaining to how to obtain that number of dedication for permanent or more long term use versus the transitionand we were having trouble coming up with that type of number. I have to refer to the applicant because I think right now they are still maintaining the 50 two units as both apartment units and transit and occupancy rest and structure units. We can call the applicant up and have them have him to a I'm not sure if you could have further questions. I do commission to the other side. I think in addition to how to divvy up the personof those units and how to, and their designation was also how to distribute them throughout the floors and I think there was a question versus where the top form metaphor I do have some questions or some updates that that I'd like to get it. I don't know who would have that information. And I read information regarding, and it came up several times regarding for specific very low income units and whether or notthose are in fact designated as low income units. Okay, those for now. This this project metropolitan law it's part of the lawlarger project to the west of the metropolitan creative campus. That created campus, it encompassed the metropolitan towerand the Metropolitan Creative Office to the West, there's a metropolitan West apartment. Okay, I think it's 76 apartment units. That for youunits are you talking about affordable units that's in that apartment. It's not within the metropolitan law building. Okay. Now. Sorry, the next question. Yes. Is there a question? Yes. Yes. One update on the one tenant that was at this unit that was nearing the 12 month lease. I think that the tenancy will end in Septemberbut we can ask the applicant to clarify. Now, going back to Commission President Chunking's question, I think now. The applicant, the property owner has to submit the first three conditions. I think the first condition, illustrate their planplans for the business model. So they are going to move the existing tenant to the upper floor. So have the lower floor open up for the, uh, the short-term rentals. So that's the existing plans. But as far as how many units will permanently be assigned to apartments and how many units will permanently be assigned toto the tours, I don't think that we have that information available. So I still maintain that the applicant, the property owner still want to do all 52. units as an apartment, both apartments and tours use. How are they going to rent those, the units rent out as the short term I think it's still the market demand. Commissioner Trunkhamconditions 11, 12, 13, 15. Can you just walk us through? I know there were questions regarding the language specifically and so if you can walk us through those changes. I believe Commissioner Chimewinsky was saying that there has to be some sort of criteriaotherwise this condition does not make any sense. So I just added that the applicant shall not displace or be very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very effective without just cause so that if the if and tenant breach the lease agreement as to become nuisance or become the It becomes or endangered properties or not pay rent, then they can be victim. But that's why I just add the phrase without just cost is to breach Lisa Green. So the least agreement itself will have terms. So I'm just keeping the language sort of a flexible. Now, condition number two. There was a question in regards to the 30 days and 60 days. Okay. Now which type of tenants should be served with 30 days or which type of tenants should be served with 60 days? then I checked the California Department of Consumer Affairs. It has regulation in regards to the noticing. Now, if you... the notice will serve to tenet. That doesn't matter what type of lease agreement you have. Whether it's months to months or it's a yearly lease, it does notmatter but what matter is how long have you stay on the property. So if you stay on the property for less than one year then 30 days notice applies. If you If you have the live on the property for more than a year, 12 months, then 60 days lease will apply. I mean 60 days notice what apply. So I basically I change it a littlelanguage I'd be more clear that the applicant shall comply to the California's Department consumer affair and noticing requirement okay and the applicant will allow the tenants to stay up additional 30 days, okay, beyond the terms of tenancy, okay, in case they arerelocating. So this is just an additional month or additional month that they can have. All right. Madam, I have a question. So to clarify. If they have an existing lease, this says that they can't be terminated without just cause. But once that lease is over, then they can terminate the lease. But these are the... the amount of time that they would be required to give. Correct. That's correct. That's why. All right. So condition 13, it has to do with the securitysecurity. The regional grant already had a security condition, but I think one question was asked whether there would be security patrol. So the property owner agreed that they can provide security Guard service, okay, so on site 24 hours a day. All right, so I add that that. The last condition is number 15 that on-site manager, I just say that available for 24 hours a day. Now that is already a part of the the determination. Now this is the on-site manager is required by the state law for any apartment that's more than 16 units you have to have a 24 hourour on-site manager. This is basically a regulatory compliance measure. I mean, I don't think that it's necessary, but I think having the language basically will... or you know, would be more clear to you than your property owner. Thank you. You can just give me a moment to read throughsome of the other language. Commissioner Tom Kim. So I think in terms of just addressing some of the concerns and questions from the last meeting, these proposed modifications to the conditionsadvice, how do you guys feel? Commissioner Doga, I would agree based on the concerns that I have that were addressed earlier and the revised conditions. I would be inclined to make a decision. Commissioner Chalkim, so the only really pending or an answered part of our last discussion would be I'm just how to divide up that property. And so I'm inclined to bring the applicant back up because I believe staff said that would be a question for the applicant. Commissioner Nermendez, we had also asked for feedback from the council office. Did we get any input from them on this? No. That's not. They have no comments in regards to this project. OK, so at this time, can we bring it? the applicant. It's turning Newman back up. So if you can, just to dress, you'll have five minutes. I just need to answer your own question, I think, is. You've asked a question I wanted. I would like to answer that. Stay tuned, April. My name is Jerry Newman. Thank you, President Chunkham, members of the commission. The question that is asked and that was asked of us relative to last yearis how do you divvy up the apartments and tours? And I think Mr. Chang made an adequate description of what we thought about. We started thinking through a business plan and I think Commissioner Delgado kind of hit the nail on the head in some ways of saying well you know what's fair How do you divide things up what floors do you put them on and the like and and the way we started thinking about it from a business this model perspective was for those people who have been there and were not subjected to a transient occupancy near them, it is unfair or potentially unfair to expose them to it with without having a consolidated floor that is dedicated to them. So what we thought was we would offer both four month extensions to whatever lease term they currently have and offer to move them to a consolidated floor so that we have 11, I think it's 11 tenants left that we would move to two consolidated floors. Thereafter, and those floors would remain such until So such time as those tenants have either left or tenancy or not. Then people who come in terms of the marketplace, we would provide you'll see that in our business plan there's a series of notices that are required. And the notices were meant to inform both individuals who want to rent on a long-term basis that this is in effect a mixed apartment buildingand that there may be people who are a temporary occupant near them. And if so, these are their rights and these are the ways that they can have complaints and these is how we will take care of them. And that way, they can make the decision on whether to rent the apartment or not and if they're renting it, they're renting it with knowledge that they could be living next to someone who is a temporary occupant. On the flip side of that, we wanted to also notify the temporary occupants that they are living in a building that could have permanent residence and as such there is a code of conduct relative to that and given that there are temporary which would mean that they're less than 30 days, there's a, we've imposed a three strike rule. If there's three complaints against a temporary resident, they're out without question, you know, and it would be three strikes within that 30 day periodthat way ensuring that we are both serving the community that we want and providing the most flexibility for the building because the reality is as as as Mr. Chang identified. This is a very special part of how we are doingand we believe it serves a population as to the studios and the entertainment industry and trying to be fair to the residents that exist there giving them a longer term, allowing them to be on a separate floor during their whole tenancyand thereafter, making sure that everyone is aware of the rules of the game. And that seemed like the wisest business plan, so you didn't get into the question of how do you disperse? What do you do? What's fair? What's not fair? Commissioner Chunkim, do you have any questions? Commissioner Dogaro, I guess my only question would be if the 11 tenants are going consolidated to two floors and they're aware of it. It's their choice. I mean, we would be giving them the option and we would pay for their move. Got it. If they're aware that they're consolidated to those two floors, I wouldn't... I guess what I'm trying to communicate is that there could be some tension because they wouldn't be aware that everyone that's not in those placestwo floors are transient. I don't know that what we're trying to do is create a product for an area that is very special and so I don't know that it would be I'm not saying everyone else in the building would be, it could be that we're renting to new people who are aware that they're living in a potential transient building and they could become permanent residents too. So the floor below them for above them could have different types of We've experienced this in New York. There are many of these types of buildings that exist. You'll see that some condominium or they can co-op buildinggo into hotel pools and it's by when we've researched it and saw that we saw that creating these sorts of house rules and having a mechanism for complaint and having rules that they get applied and having security accomplishes having a harmonious living environment for folks. Because that really at the end of the day was the question was how do you ensure a harmonious living environment? Commissioner Chunkam, so then? to be clear this would be a short term solution to some of the concerns that we had. So the existing 11 tenants at the moment should they choose you will consolidate them into two floors. Some time down the road this may these two floors may also end up becoming transient use depending on what the demand is But not bring the tenancies of those individuals. So if we have to have bacon units or they're not not being rented by long term tenants, then they won't be rented. Got it. And then for long term, the solution would be just clear roles and expectations for and complete transparency in the process. Got it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Mr. Chunkham, can we take a quick one minute recess while I have a procedural question? First off. So right now is 524 and we will resume in about a minute or so. The time is 5.25 and we will resume from our recess and so we actually have have some cards for the public testimony. However, because the public testimony took place on August 8th, it's meeting unless there is a motion by the commissionto open up public testimony and we can proceed with deliberation. Okay, so then we will... If you have any new thoughts or emotion on the table. Commissioner Mendez. I'm not sure if this is a staff question or an applicant question, but I want to sort of read. Revisit the question as to why there wasn't something proposed as to how to divvy up and protect existing housing unitswith transitory units. I mean, is that something that, because we had asked for some sort of guidance recommendation on if we wanted to move that direction on how to do it? And so, just wanted to understand why that was in front of us. I think there's two part questions. So I once had one part, the other part out, referred to the applicant. Now, you see what I asking. The question is, Commissioner this is Jack John zone administrator so commission are men and there's is asking still why there's no It definitive number of units been divided up. I'll refer that to the applicant. But as far as your question relates to taking up the apartment, the use. Okay, I want to clarify that this project does not remove the apartment use from the market. It is still all this units are still apartment units. Okay, you but you I want to use award in power to empower these units so that So that the property owner can serve it demand in the area to allow 30 days of tenancy, under 30 days of tenancy, in case that there is a market demand. But the apartment use are still maintained. So there is really no removal of the apartment units or the housing stock from this propertythe committee. I don't think it was necessarily the removal of the apartment use. It was just the potential down the road. What can happen? The committee is going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a happen to housing in general and more so than a specific number per say dedication to long-term versus the transient, it was just more of a guidance for any type of mechanism or a precedent in place that would help us somewhat navigateyou know if we felt the need to dedicate a portion of this to ensure that there is housing available. I think that was just kind of the overall concern of the commission and we're we left off last time for this hearing where we were hoping to have that answer. I think that's what Commissioner Mendes is alluding to. If there's any We derive such a number or a percentage or a ratio. Commissioner Mendez or how do we protect existing housing? stock so that it's not a number that's going down. I think the housing stock has, again, housing, this is Jack John, his only administrator. I don't think the housing stock has been removed from this property, so it's not going down. But in terms of the numbers, the percentage, I really have to defer that to the applicant. Now, you're asking about the housing stock in the region. That is a bigger question than this conditional use project. That is more of a community question and regional question and policyquestion. Now when you are asking the vacancy rate and also the population that has to do with the census and the policy programs that the department hashas. Okay, so I don't want you to jam a big, big topic into a conditional use project. It just, it doesn't work. It doesn't worknot answer the question based on that because even if you're considering removing a housing stock from this property there will be other housing project coming up in the region. If it's not in Hollywood, it will be right, it will be community right next door. I mean, it would be a Jason community plan. We have a lot of a project and I put location of pipeline, you know, for small lots of division, new apartments, the communions, affordable housing, the project after this is affordable housing. I mean, there are a lot other housing project coming in the pipeline to replace that. But what you're asking is bigger than the conditional use before us. Again, for the number of, if you only have a dedicated number of apartment units and tours, I have to defer that to the applicant. Commissioner Chunkan, thank you. I mean, for me personally, that logic does make sense because we're not removing the apartment use. We're adding a new use to it. So the logic does make sense for me and in terms of the language in some of the conditions that the commission felt needed clarification or just some clearing up, I feel like the suggested modifications that staff provided suffice. And so I'm inclined to, well actually I do have another question. So then these somewhat voluntary, if you can call it thatconditions from the applicant, how would we be able to implement that into? Impose as part of the conditions approval. Yeah, I just don't use a war voluntarybecause a lot of times the application, the applicants were in voluntary condition. I just delete the war at voluntary and then make that as part of my conditionor Cesar Nesco Velasquez City Attorney's Office. You can look at these three conditions and see if there's something in the findings that allow you to create, you know, what we call that Nexus, you know, where we've just discussed before in this commission. What's the connection between these particular conditions? And some effect of the project that, according to the findings, you think needs to be addressed. So. So just as by way of guidance, if you look at finding number two of the projects location size high operations and other significant features, we'll be compatible with and will not adversely affect or further to greater adjacent properties surrounding neighborhood or the northernthe public health, welfare and safety. I think if you look at these three conditions that are proposed to be added to the project, you look at the findings as currently drafted, you may be able to articulate where these conditions fit in. For example, in paragraph two of the findings that's currently drafted, there's just discussion about existing tenants and about their current lease agreements and arrangements. This first condition appears to me to be addressing addressing issues related to what's being discussed in that second paragraph of finding number two. Once again, now looking at the second proposed condition. The the notice that the tends to be given that it's a mixed tendency building and provided rule of conduct. Once again, that might fall in under this second finding of making sure that this project is compatible with and will not for the degree of usegrade, adjacent property starting in the neighborhood and so on. The third condition, the member of management staff being available 24 hours a day at handle complaints. Once again, my fall into this same, to the logic behind making this second finding in the affirmative. So if the commission wants to take a little bit of time to sort of digest what I've just said and see what you guys think in terms of these conditions, whether or not you think that there is, that next is that connection between these conditions and some effect of the project that you're looking atthat you think can be addressed through these conditions. I would just know on this of these conditions that the second condition regarding the rules of the law conduct the portion a bit about the starts with that if breached would result in their immediate loss of right to occupy the premises. Once again, I would just have the commission consider as far as enforcement goes that seems like that might be something that's really between the lesser and the less see and whether or not this comes from a monster in a positive condition that seems more to go to the relationship between the lesser and less see. I just want to consider whether or not you think that language is appropriate, whether or not the city can effectively enforce that particular term of the condition similar to thatthe three strike rule for complaints against such tenants and then being then asked to leave the premises. Once again, I would just have the commission consider whether or not that's something that can be effectively and efficiently You know, taking care of by the state or whether or not that strikes the commission or something that really is between the less or on the less. Commissioner Mendez, questionsthat those were asked to be included was to address some of the safety concerns that existing tenants have. So is there a way for us to include language around that that that gives the city or gives us some ability to put requirements around that that don't have those issues that you just described. Since there's no Alaska City Attorney's Office, I have to think a little bit more about what language could be drafted to address that concern. But the concern that I just wanted to highlight to the commission was that issue of informationand adopting and contracting conditions that can be enforced with relative efficiency and effectivenessand those particular provisions just struck me as being a bit difficult to police in And not in the LAPD sense of the word, but police in the sense of just how do we, how does the city ensure that such a condition is complied with? Having a rules of conduct is somethingthat we can, I think, we can reasonably enforce, it could be some requirement that the applicant present those rules of conduct to the to the part of city planning or to the relevancy department. It's just the result of what a breach of those rules of conduct mean may put the city in a position where it's interjecting itself intoissues or it speaks between a less or an LSE and that is what struck me as being potentially difficult to enforce. But if someone more creative than me, if you are a or maybe staff can come up with language that might address the concerns that I've highlighted, but still take care of. I think what you hope such a condition might accomplishperhaps we can come up with something, but I, unfortunately, I don't have anything off the top of my head right now that I could present to you, but I'm sure if you, if you can try to work with someone, to have it see if they can think of anything that might address your concern while still being something that can be effectively enforced. Good. Mr. Chunkam. This is a question that's been I think looming for me at least with Mr. Haynes also commenting earlier, but I mean where is that? line drawn in terms of enforcement and creating some sort of repercussions if you can call it that for not complyingbecause, I mean, in the case of the example that was brought up earlier, if there is a non-compliance, I don't feel like there is much language, whether it's in the conditions itself or just Maybe it's just a deeper problem, but I mean, yeah, there just seems to be very limited enforcement that we're able to puton such matters before us. So where is that line? Because I know you're saying we're now going into like a private agreement area. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you and obviously act to legal out and enforce the conditions that this commission may or may not impose. That's divided up between different, you know, separate bodies of the city. DBS being one of them that receives complaints alleging Don't Encode Violation then goes out and investigates them. You know, sort of end. So, the process factor example would be sort of for these rules of conduct that you could have a requirement that the applicant submit these rules. So, did you know that they've actually been drafted? That's something that I think can be enforced and compliantproof of compliance with that can be reasonably shown. Like my point was to simply highlight that, the commission just consider whether or not these particular conditions that's currently drafted with or notthere's language in there that should be removed because they don't lend themselves to, if they don't lend themselves to either efficient enforcement or it puts the city in a position where it's Arbitrating this view between you know the person who's renting and the person who's you know the less in the less or and that's what's the point I wanted to make you know the point of enforcement is obviously a much that I sit here in this chair can, you don't give me the. Mr. Chunkant, well then to get a little bit more specific to this personparticular, I think you're looking at the second bullet point. So I guess where I am confused is what's the difference between outlining the quiet hours? I'm just not seeing because to me they're equally safespecific? I don't know. So, last week, I said he turned his office. I think the issue that I wanted to highlight is that having a rules of conduct that outline when quiet hours being your attentionon weekdays and 11 pmon weekends. It's something that is very precise. You can have the applicant submit these rules of conduct and it states clearly that quite hours are from 10 pmon the weekdaysany 11-pm on the weekends, when it comes to sort of three strikes in your out sort of rule, my concern with was with the condition as currently drafteddoesn't explain what a strike is for, you know, we heard from the applicant today that it was over 30 day period. So once again, the condition has crumly drafted, it didn't have that. So that was my concern that seemed to bethat it was a bit vague as far as what a strike would be categorized as a strike and that it would then put the strikedecision would be under these conditions seems that it would be enforcing the, you know, the repercussions for these violations framing threestrikes, whereas that seemed to be more of an issue between, like I said, the less one, the less e to decide what sort of repercussions should result from violations of the rules of contact establishing rules of conduct, I think something that is within the purview of this commission and something that can be presented to planning step-to-show, these are the rules of conduct, these are quite hours, these are, you know, whateverother rules, these are the rules that people are expected to abide by while staying at this particular site. But issues of removing short-term tenetsor three strikes in your route seem to be more an issue between the applicant as the one who's putting the units up for rent and then those people who then decide to rent those units. So that was the distinction I was making between just having quite hours to start a 10pm on the weekdays and 11pm on the weekends. That's something that can be clearly put out, you know, in a short paragraph from bullet points on a rules of conduct put this issue of three strikes and what is a strike just seem to be a little too unclear as currently drafted and as wanted to highlight that to the commissionas a point that may be unclear at the moment. Commissioner Mendez, I think the one possible solution to this would be to eliminate specifics like that and require that rules of conduct be created, but also that there be some sort of complaint process for existing tenants so that As issues come up as part of this transition that Existing tenants have a right to or having the ability to communicate that and have those needs addressed all right Staff just only miss or exact So the housing department currently enforce the housing conditions and regulations. So if there's any nuisance I'll occur on site, the tenant can always contact the city to enforce any sort of a nuisance. Okay, so but I do agree with the city attorney in regards to the three strike rule. Okay, I propose I went to because in case there is a dispute between the tenants and property owner, then City will be dragged in. And that, when should not be involved, in between the private contract. Now this is different than the city regulation, the LEMC, whereas the fence case, the regulation comes comes from the LAMC, so City has to enforce that. But this thing is basically agreement created by two private prop parties and I don't think that there's a playfor that in our condition. So having the choir, the ruse of conduct makes sense, but that's the three strike rule. And the housing department, housing department enforcement, that's again, that's a regulatory compliance. I mean, that's just like building a safety. I don't think that we need to add additional language for something that City already does. I just wanted to, I, Commissioner and Chunk Kim, get a better understanding, especially when you say I'll go through and, you know, check for this type of language that we fully understandunderstand the thought process of what kind of language it is that you're asking us to look for. Before we go into searching for all applicable findings, Commissioner Delgado, did you have any input and sites questions? Commissioner Delgado, no, I don't. Commissioner Tonkowski, So if we're all in agreement, I think the next step would be taking a couple moments to look through the findings and see how they apply to these three bullet points. I think it's already, at least according to staff's presentation, already coveredcovered by the proposed modification to condition number 15. So I think that there will maybe be duplicative of condition number 15, but I'll let you knowstaff chime in if that is correct. Not correct. Number two. I'm sorry. The third bullet point is already covered. Yeah. It's covered by condition number 15. So I think that we can trythat. I can revise the second bullet point so that it will be more appropriatejust contain just contain the ours route that the property owner provides rules of conduct and then they are showing crew the quiet hours starting at 11 pm. PM and for a vision of alcoholic drink and smoke or any of any kind outside or private residents, then that's That's it. Yeah. Commissioner Tonkin, while we're on that second bullet point, I'm being nitpicky, but can we make sure it does quiet? Yeah, yes, yes. Yes. That's quiet. I just like to say I'm getting to quiet. Excuse me, you had a turn. Commissioner and Tom Kim sorry we had our public testimony for the last hearingand so for this continu don't need to open up p We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to Thank you. Commissioner Tonkin, so for these two bullet points, I've removed the third one since it's a duplicate. In order for us to actually make these part of the conditions of the CEP, we would have to find that if it's within the findings. And so, if we are in agreement, that we want these two bullet points submitted to us by the applicant to be part of the conditions then we would have to. I keep wanting to say fine, the finefinding. This is Jane Joy with the Planning Department. Could I make a suggestion for finding? So I think in finding number one regarding the project will enhance the built environment in the surrounding areathe starting neighborhood or will perform a function or provide a service that is essential or beneficial to the community, city or region. So I think it's already established in the finding that the project will providethe city of the city. I'm going to go ahead and provide a service. That is essential or beneficial to the community city or region. But if you look on page 14. Actually at the bottom of the page 13. I'm going to go ahead and go ahead and provide a service. That is essential or beneficial to the community city or region. But if you look on page 14. Actually at the bottom of the page 13. I'm going to go ahead and provide a serviceand continuing on to page 14, it talks about allowing short-term rentals while maintaining the apartment use would make an efficient and flexible use and it continuesuse on to talk about how the project would preserve long-term housing while addressing short-term residential occupancy issues. I would suggest adding a paragraph after that that talks about and how at the hearing and the area planning commission issues were raised regarding the compatibility of ability having both long term leadsand short-term leases and to address that the commission is adding these two conditions to allow for better noticing of of for tenants both long term and short term to address the issues that were raised at the during the public testimony. Mr. Tunkim, so can we just say what you just said? I'm going to refer back to your statement. I'll have it then. OK. This is our next slide. It's going to be turned off. Even when you make your motion, you can refer back to senior senior. We plan to change choice comments and it's up those as the market as and it's up those or you know, it's up those but just refer back to them when you're making your motion and incorporating theseadditional conditions into the approval. Commissioner Tonkamp, so would any of the commissioners like to make a motion. I'd love to, Commissioner Dorgato, it's a little complicated. If you want to start me off, be glad to take it home, but I want to make sure that I have be overall framework of what it is that we've agreed to and then how we can on the record kick it back to planning. Sure Commissioner Chong Kim. So we would bemaking a motion to grant the appeal in part. And then it's In part because we will be adding new conditions and revising conditions 11, 12, 13 and 15. So adding the two conditionsconditions that were submitted to us by the applicant with the findings that senior city planner, Jane Joy made. Does that help? No. No. Okay. Commissioner Tonkin, I'll make the motion. All right. Thank you. Commissioner Tonkin, I make a motion to grant the appeal to the committeein part, determined based on the whole of the administrative record that the project is exempt from CEQA pursuant to Article 3, Section 1, Class 1, Category 22 of the CEQA guidelines and there is no substantial evidence demonstrating that an exception to a categorical exception pursuant to SQL guidelines section 15300.2 applies. Grand The appeal in part and sustain in part the zoning administrators determination to approve a conditional use permit, to allow a transient occupancy residential structure addition to an existing residential dwelling use within 500 feetadopt the conditions of approval as modified by the commission and adopt the findings with the modifications suggested by the senior cityplan or Jane Joy. Commissioner Doug I don't I second the motion. And on strong CEA we have a first and second motion on the floor. Commissioner Chan Kim. How do you vote? Yes commission Delgado. How do you vote? Yes commission amended. How do you vote? Yes motion passed Missionor Chunkim so we're gonna wait for the room room to clear out before I move on to item number seven. 